OSDOCS-16402: CQA fixes for ROSA HCP Tutorials (part 1) (#113885)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/egress-ip-env-variables.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cloud-experts-consistent-egress-ip-env-variables_{context}"]
= Set your environment variables

[role="_abstract"]
You may set environment variables to make it easier to reuse values.

.Prerequisites

> * You've created a {product-title} cluster deployed with OVN-Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have created a {product-title} cluster deployed with OVN-Kubernetes.
```

To keep it parallel.
